RN 40267 + 40257 (#3645)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: user-guide/Advanced_Functionality/Failover/Configuring_Failover/Preparing_the_two_DataMiner_Agents.md

  > [!NOTE]
  > If you use IP addresses instead of a hostname:
  >

>   > - Make sure [Npcap](https://nmap.org/npcap/) or WinPcap (deprecated) is installed on both DMAs (see [Before you run the installer](xref:Installing_DM_using_the_DM_installer#before-you-run-the-installer)). From DataMiner 10.4.10/10.5.0 onwards<!--RN 40257 + RN 40267-->, you can check if these Pcap libraries are installed by reviewing the [Cube logging](xref:Cube_logging). Each time the *Failover Config* window is opened, a *PcapInfoRequestMessage* is sent to the DataMiner Agent. The response, tagged with the keyword "PcapInfo", can be found in Cube logging alongside an `Info` entry. This message will only be sent if the [*Configure Failover* user permission](xref:DataMiner_user_permissions#modules--system-configuration--agents--configure-failover) is enabled for the user.

Reviewer: Perhaps also change "pcap libraries" to "packet capture libraries"

Author: ```suggestion
  > - Make sure [Npcap](https://nmap.org/npcap/) or WinPcap (deprecated) is installed on both DMAs (see [Before you run the installer](xref:Installing_DM_using_the_DM_installer#before-you-run-the-installer)). From DataMiner 10.4.10/10.5.0 onwards<!--RN 40257 + RN 40267-->, you can check if these packet capture libraries are installed by reviewing the [Cube logging](xref:Cube_logging). Each time the *Failover Config* window is opened, a *PcapInfoRequestMessage* is sent to the DataMiner Agent. The response, tagged with the keyword "PcapInfo", can be found in Cube logging alongside an `Info` entry. This message will only be sent if the [*Configure Failover* user permission](xref:DataMiner_user_permissions#modules--system-configuration--agents--configure-failover) is enabled for the user.
```

>   > - Make sure [Npcap](https://nmap.org/npcap/) or WinPcap (deprecated) is installed on both DMAs (see [Before you run the installer](xref:Installing_DM_using_the_DM_installer#before-you-run-the-installer)). From DataMiner 10.4.10/10.5.0 onwards<!--RN 40257 + RN 40267-->, you can check if these packet capture libraries are installed by reviewing the [Cube logging](xref:Cube_logging). Each time the *Failover Config* window is opened, a *PcapInfoRequestMessage* is sent to the DataMiner Agent. The response, tagged with the keyword "PcapInfo", can be found in Cube logging alongside an `Info` entry. This message will only be sent if the [*Configure Failover* user permission](xref:DataMiner_user_permissions#modules--system-configuration--agents--configure-failover) is enabled for the user.

Reviewer 2: I'd prefer to simplify this information to make it more user-friendly. I don't really see the need to refer to the logging and the mechanism behind it, if the user can instead simply look in the Failover Config window to see if Npcap or WinPcap is installed.

```suggestion
  > - Make sure [Npcap](https://nmap.org/npcap/) or WinPcap (deprecated) is installed on both DMAs. From DataMiner 10.4.10/10.5.0 onwards<!--RN 40257 + RN 40267-->, you can check whether this is installed via *System Center* > *Agents* > *Failover*. This will open the *Failover Config* window, where an information icon will be displayed next to *Failover (Virtual IP)* in case neither of these is installed or no valid installation could be detected on the DMA you are currently connected to. Hover the mouse pointer over this icon for more detailed information.
```
